Tl docs/resource allocation (#15)
polvalente/handoff: guides/resource_management.md

  - `request(node, req)`: Reserve resources for a task (returns `:ok` or `{:error, :resources_unavailable}`)
  - `release(node, req)`: Release previously reserved resources
  - `get_capabilities()`: Get the full resource capabilities of the local node

**Example usage:**

```elixir
alias Handoff.SimpleResourceTracker

# Register a node with its capabilities
SimpleResourceTracker.register(Node.self(), %{cpu: 4, memory: 8000})

# Check if resources are available
if SimpleResourceTracker.available?(Node.self(), %{cpu: 2, memory: 2000}) do
  # Request resources for a task
  case SimpleResourceTracker.request(Node.self(), %{cpu: 2, memory: 2000}) do
    :ok ->
      # ... run your task ...
      # Release resources when done
      SimpleResourceTracker.release(Node.self(), %{cpu: 2, memory: 2000})
    {:error, :resources_unavailable} ->
      IO.puts("Not enough resources available!")
  end
else
  IO.puts("Resources not available")
end
```

**How it works:**
- When a node is registered, its total resource capacity is stored.
- When resources are requested, the tracker checks if enough are available (total minus currently used). If so, it marks them as used.

> - When resources are released, the used count is decremented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When resources are released, the available amount increases again.
```

- All tracking is local to the node running the tracker.

**Limitations:**
- `SimpleResourceTracker` is static and in-memory only. If the node restarts, resource state is lost.
- It does not synchronize state between nodes; each node tracks its own resources independently.
- Not suitable for dynamic or persistent resource tracking across a distributed cluster.

**Extending Resource Tracking:**
If you need more advanced tracking (e.g., persistent, distributed, or dynamic resource management), you can implement the `Handoff.ResourceTracker` behaviour and provide your own tracker module.

> See `lib/handoff/resource_tracker.ex` for the required callbacks and documentation.

Reviewer: We need to actually make this configurable from Handoff.start

Reviewer: Opened #16 for this

]

assignments = Handoff.SimpleAllocator.allocate(functions, nodes_caps)
IO.inspect(assignments)
# Example output:
# %{f1: :node1@host, f2: :node1@host, f3: :node2@host, f4: :node2@host}
```

**Explanation:**
- The allocator tries to assign each function to the first node with enough available resources.
- After each assignment, the node's available resources are reduced for subsequent allocations.
- If a node cannot satisfy a function's requirements, the allocator tries the next node.

#### Example: Handling Insufficient Resources

If no node has enough resources for a function, the allocator will still assign it (to the first node), but you should handle this case in your workflow:

```elixir
nodes_caps = %{
  :node1@host => %{cpu: 1, memory: 1000},
  :node2@host => %{cpu: 1, memory: 1000}
}

functions = [
  %Handoff.Function{id: :big_task, cost: %{cpu: 2, memory: 2000}}
]

assignments = Handoff.SimpleAllocator.allocate(functions, nodes_caps)
IO.inspect(assignments)
# Output: %{big_task: :node1@host}
# Note: In this case, neither node actually has enough resources. You should check resource availability before running the task.
```

#### Example: Pinned and Collocated Functions

> You can pin a function to a specific node, or collocate it with another function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pin a function to a specific node, or collocate it to another function:
```
